#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.3.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
cloudpickle==2.2.0
    # via tensorflow-probability
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==5.1.1
    # via tensorflow-probability
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via sktime
dm-tree==0.1.7
    # via tensorflow-probability
flatbuffers==22.10.26
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
google-auth==2.14.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.50.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.7.0
    # via
    #   sktime-dl
    #   tensorflow
idna==3.4
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==5.0.0
    # via
    #   markdown
    #   numba
joblib==1.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
keras==2.10.0
    # via
    #   sktime-dl
    #   tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
keras-self-attention==0.51.0
    # via sktime-dl
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
libclang==14.0.6
    # via tensorflow
llvmlite==0.39.1
    # via numba
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.5.3
    # via
    #   seaborn
    #   sktime-dl
numba==0.56.4
    # via sktime
numpy==1.21.6
    # via
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   keras-self-attention
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-addons
pandas==1.3.5
    # via
    #   seaborn
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
patsy==0.5.3
    # via statsmodels
pillow==9.3.0
    # via matplotlib
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.6
    # via pandas
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via sktime
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.12.1
    # via sktime-dl
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
sktime==0.13.4
    # via sktime-dl
sktime-dl @ git+https://github.com/sktime/sktime-dl@7437722b0a3dd0338747c2dce8fed151c12baec2
    # via -r requirements.in
statsmodels==0.13.5
    # via sktime
tensorboard==2.10.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.10.0
    # via sktime-dl
tensorflow-addons==0.18.0
    # via sktime-dl
tensorflow-estimator==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.27.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-probability==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
termcolor==2.1.0
    # via tensorflow
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via tensorflow-addons
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   kiwisolver
    #   seaborn
    #   tensorflow
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.38.2
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   tensorflow
zipp==3.10.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
